DateTime::Precise version 0.01

This is the DateTime::Precise package.  This module provides for the
representation and manipulation of (almost) arbitrary locations in
time.

DateTime.pm is not intended to be a replacement for any of the
existing Date:: or Time:: modules, but you may find it useful as a
supplement.  Notable features:

  * Date and time can include fractional seconds.

  * Date is represented internally by an array of year, month, day,
    hours, minutes, seconds, and fractions of seconds.  Using this
    method, dates as far back as the start of the Gregorian
    calendar) can be used.

  * Methods are provided for doing date/time calculations.
    Increment and decrement, as well as round, floor and ceil
    functions by unit (second through year) are provided, as well as
    simple date-difference operations.

  * Methods are provided for input from and output to user-specified
    formats (dprintf, dscanf, get_time, set_time, strftime).

This module is based on the DateTime module written by Greg Fast
(gdfast@usgs.gov).

AVAILABILITY

The latest version of this package is available from the author by
contacting Blair Zajac <blair@gps.caltech.edu>.

INSTALLATION

In order to use this package you will need Perl version 5.004_04 or
better.  Once that is completed, you install Proc::Generic as you
would install any perl module library, by running these commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

If you want to install a private copy of this package in some other
directory, then you should try to produce the initial Makefile with
something like this command:

	perl Makefile.PL LIB=~/perl

DOCUMENTATION

See the CHANGES file for a list of recent changes.  POD style
documentation is included in all modules and scripts.  These are
normally converted to manual pages end installed as part of the "make
install" process.  You should also be able to use the 'perldoc'
utility to extract documentation from the module files directly.

COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 1998 Blair Zajac. All rights reserved.  This package is
free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same
terms as Perl itself.
